Ah Jiu Ye
You are the famous Mr. Yiyang
Hurry up and show it.
Why did you go to the back mountain on the first day of junior high school?
I will have a high fever when I come back
In a coma
The first day of junior high school?
This is to recruit the back mountain and harm the dirty things.
How could he provoke me?
Then I won't lie to you.
The first year of junior high school is special
One night ten years ago
The mass graves of the mountains behind me
That's not right.
Where did the cries of children come from in this mass grave?
Is it a ghost eagle?
A light shines on flies
Yeah!
Midwife
Who?
I'm about to give birth
Please go to the delivery
What to give birth to you
Midwife
You're scaring me to death!
Help me come with me
You are about to give birth
How about your family?
So let you and the mother come over, please?
Family is dead
No way
Midwife, come with me